README.md, before:

# LoveCraft
A place for scripts that can speak to your loved ones.


## Edit the script  
Right click the hp-start script and choose Open With > Script Editor

![](images/editTheScript.png?raw=true)  

## Change the defaults  
**1. Change the time**  

This line causes the application to terminate at 6pm.  
```
set endTime to 18 * 60 * 60 -- 6pm
```

**2. Change the phone number.**  

Insert the desired phone number in place of '15555555555'

```
set phone_number to "15555555555"
```

**3. Add your own messages!**  

The script already has a few example messages.  
```
set messageList to {"😍", "😘", "Hey, Just wanted to say I love you!", "Hope you're having a good day!", "Can't wait to see you tonight!"}
```

**4. Checkout out the random message modifiers**  

Look for the following function  
```
on modifyMessage(message)
```

## Create the application  

Choose File > Export...

![](images/export.png?raw=true)  

Change the File Format to "Application"  
Choose 'Stay open after run handler"  

![](images/save.png?raw=true)

An "hp-start" Application will appear in the same directory.  
You can either double click this or run it from the command line.

Commit message:

Added text about the script and example message image

README.md, after:

# LoveCraft
A place for scripts that can speak to your loved ones.  
  
After following the steps below you'll have created an application that performs as follows:  
1. When you run the app a terminal window appears displaying the time and text of the message to be sent. (Terminating the application before the indicated time will abandon the message.)  
2. The message send time is randomly picked from 1-3 hours from the time that the application is started.  
3. The application will repeat this process until 6pm or until the application is terminated. 

![](images/messageExample.png?raw=true)  

## Edit the script  
Right click the hp-start script and choose Open With > Script Editor

![](images/editTheScript.png?raw=true)  

## Change the defaults  
**1. Change the time**  

This line causes the application to terminate at 6pm.  
```
set endTime to 18 * 60 * 60 -- 6pm
```

**2. Change the phone number.**  

Insert the desired phone number in place of '15555555555'

```
set phone_number to "15555555555"
```

**3. Add your own messages!**  

The script already has a few example messages.  
```
set messageList to {"😍", "😘", "Hey, Just wanted to say I love you!", "Hope you're having a good day!", "Can't wait to see you tonight!"}
```

**4. Checkout out the random message modifiers**  

Look for the following function  
```
on modifyMessage(message)
```

## Create the application  

Choose File > Export...

![](images/export.png?raw=true)  

Change the File Format to "Application"  
Choose 'Stay open after run handler"  

![](images/save.png?raw=true)  

An "hp-start" Application will appear in the same directory.  
You can either double click this or run it from the command line.
